add dbQuotaUsage and dbSizeFree (#6)
ahrtr/etcd-defrag: README.md

| `dbSize`        | total size of the etcd database |
| `dbSizeInUse`   | total size in use of the etcd database |
| `dbQuota`       | etcd storage quota in bytes (the value passed to etcd instance by flag --quota-backend-bytes)|

> | `dbQuotaUsage`  | total usage of the etcd database, defined as dbSize/dbQuota |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dbQuotaUsage`  | total usage of the etcd storage quota, defined as dbSize/dbQuota |
```

> | `dbSizeFree`    | total size not in use of the etcd database, defined as dbSize - dbSizeInUse|

Reviewer: Please sort the variables in the following order,

```
dbSize
dbSizeInUse
dbSizeFree
dbQuota
dbQuotaUsage
```

For example, if you want to run defragmentation if the total db size is greater than 80%
of the quota **OR** there is at least 200MiB free space, the defragmentation rule is `dbSize > dbQuota*80/100 || dbSize - dbSizeInUse > 200*1024*1024`.
The complete command is below,
```
$ ./etcd-defrag --endpoints http://127.0.0.1:22379 --cluster --defrag-rule="dbSize > dbQuota*80/100 || dbSize - dbSizeInUse > 200*1024*1024"
```

> Or in short,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or,
```
